feat(curriculum): add musical instrument workshop (#61750)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-musical-instrument-inventory/6895dffc64e97df0e62e9ef9.md

---
id: 6895dffc64e97df0e62e9ef9
title: Step 2
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

Methods are functions defined inside a class that can perform actions using the class's data. Here is how you create methods:

```python
def method_name(parameter1, parameter2,...):
    # Method contents will go here
```

In Python, the `__init__` method is a special method known as the initializer method, which is called when you create a new instance of the class.

Inside your `MusicalInstrument` class, remove `pass` and add an `__init__` method with three parameters: `self`, `name`, and `instrument_type`. Add `pass` inside the `__init__` method for now.

> The `self` parameter refers to the instance of the class and is required as the first parameter for all methods in a class.

Author: How about this:

```suggestion
The `self` parameter is a standard way to refer the instance of the class and is required as the first parameter for all methods in a class.
```

Reviewer: Added missing preposition and a little detail:
```suggestion
The `self` parameter is a standard way to refer to the instance of the class and is required as the first parameter for all instance methods in a class.
```

---
id: 6895dffc64e97df0e62e9ef9
title: Step 2
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-2
---

# --description--

> Methods are functions defined inside a class that can perform actions using the class's data.
> 
> Every class needs an initializer method, which is called when you create a new instance of the class. In Python, the initializer is named `__init__`.
> 
> Here is how you create methods:
> 
> ```python
> def method_name(parameter1, parameter2,...):
>     # Method contents will go here
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Methods are functions defined inside a class that can perform actions using the class's data. Here is how you create methods:

```python
def method_name(parameter1, parameter2,...):
    # Method contents will go here
```

In Python, the `__init__` method is a special method known as the initializer method, which is called when you create a new instance of the class.
````
